Adv SnarkyJS edits, timeless docs, editorial grooming (#342)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/zkapps/advanced-snarkyjs/custom-tokens.mdx

Minting generates new tokens whereby the zkApp updates the balance of an account by adding the newly created tokens to it. Minted tokens can be sent to any existing account in the ledger.

> To mint new tokens using a zkApp, this example of the `this.token` property on the `SmartContract` class to show how a zkApp can mint tokens to another account:

Reviewer: sentence doesn't read well

to show > shows ?

}
```

> This example snippet defines a smart contract called `BurnExample` with a method called `burnTokens`. Similar to minting, the `this.token` property calls the `burn` method. This specifies the amount of tokens to burn for the specified address.

Reviewer: `burn()`

> This example snippet defines a smart contract called `BurnExample` with a method called `burnTokens`. Similar to minting, the `this.token` property calls the `burn` method. This specifies the amount of tokens to burn for the specified address.

Author: ```suggestion
This example snippet defines a smart contract called `BurnExample` with a method called `burnTokens`. Similar to minting, the `this.token` property calls the `burn()` method. This specifies the amount of tokens to burn for the specified address.
```

> This example snippet defines a smart contract called `BurnExample` with a method called `burnTokens`. Similar to minting, the `this.token` property calls the `burn` method. This specifies the amount of tokens to burn for the specified address.

Author: ```suggestion
This example snippet defines a smart contract called `BurnExample` with a method called `burnTokens`. Similar to minting, the `this.token` property calls the `burn()` method. This specifies the amount of tokens to burn for the specified address.
```

}
```

> This example snippet defines a smart contract called `SendExample` with a method called `sendTokens`. Then, in the same fashion, as minting and burning, the `this.token` property calls the `send` method.

Reviewer: `sendTokens()`

`send()`

> This example snippet defines a smart contract called `SendExample` with a method called `sendTokens`. Then, in the same fashion, as minting and burning, the `this.token` property calls the `send` method.

Author: ```suggestion
This example snippet defines a smart contract called `SendExample` with a method called `sendTokens()`. Then, in the same fashion, as minting and burning, the `this.token` property calls the `send()` method.
```

For a more comprehensive example of how to use custom tokens with a zkApp, see this [custom token example](https://github.com/o1-labs/snarkyjs/blob/main/src/lib/token.test.ts).

## Proof Authorization

When a zkApp interacts with a custom token that it did not originally create, the calling zkApp must get authorization from the [token owner](/zkapps/advanced-snarkyjs/custom-tokens#token-owner).

> There are two ways for a token owner to approve a transaction: a **signature** and a **proof**.

Reviewer: and > or ? They are used exclusively and never simultaneously.

> There are two ways for a token owner to approve a transaction: a **signature** and a **proof**.

Author: ```suggestion
There are two ways for a token owner to approve a transaction: a **signature** or a **proof**.
```

> There are two ways for a token owner to approve a transaction: a **signature** and a **proof**.

Author: ```suggestion
A token owner can approve a transaction with a **signature** or a **proof**.
```

The result of this example is `zkAppB` sending tokens to `account1Address` and `account1Address` receiving tokens from `zkAppB`. The transaction is approved by the token owner without the token owner having to sign the transaction.

For another example of how to approve a transaction with a zkApp, see this [authorization example](https://github.com/o1-labs/snarkyjs/blob/main/src/examples/zkapps/token_with_proofs.ts) provided.

## Understanding Important Terms

If your zkApp interacts with custom tokens, be sure you understand the following essential terms:

### Token Id

> Token ids are unique identifiers that are used to distinguish between different types of custom tokens. Custom token identifiers are globally unique across the entire network. 

Author: ```suggestion
Token `ids` are unique identifiers that are used to distinguish between different types of custom tokens. Custom token identifiers are globally unique across the entire network. 
```

> Token ids are unique identifiers that are used to distinguish between different types of custom tokens. Custom token identifiers are globally unique across the entire network. 

Author: ```suggestion
Token `ids` are unique identifiers that are used to distinguish between different types of custom tokens. Custom token identifiers are globally unique across the entire network. 
```

> Token ids are unique identifiers that are used to distinguish between different types of custom tokens. Custom token identifiers are globally unique across the entire network. 

Reviewer: `ids` might be worth putting in the style guide for future authors
